feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f4add33ea4b1f61ba3dc8.md

---
id: 657f4add33ea4b1f61ba3dc8
title: Step 22
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-22
---

# --description--

> Finally try out the new implementation by executing the program. If you've done everythong properly, you should see the input string converted into a snake case like before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally try out this new implementation by executing the program. If you've done everything correctly, you should see the input string converted into snake case, like before.

Congratulations! Now your `convert_to_snake_case()` function is ready.
```
I would suggest adding a final message to congratulate learners on reaching the end of the project. 🙂

# --hints--

Test 1

```js

```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):

    snake_cased_char_list = [
        '_' + char.lower() if char.isupper()
        else char
        for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string
    ]

    return ''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')

> def main():
> --fcc-editable-region--
>     print(convert_to_snake_case('aLongAndComplexString'))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
def main():
    print(convert_to_snake_case('aLongAndComplexString'))
```

---
id: 657f4add33ea4b1f61ba3dc8
title: Step 22
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-22
---

> 

Reviewer 2: The code is already running. I have no idea for this step. Maybe ask to pass a different input?

Author: Just did that.
